gh-113539: Enable using ``$BROWSER`` to reorder default seach order in webbrowser.py (#113561)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-12-29-09-44-41.gh-issue-113539.YDkv9O.rst

:mod:`webbrowser`: Names in the :envvar:`BROWSER` environment variable can now

> refer to already registered webbrowsers, instead of always generating a new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to already registered web browsers, instead of always generating a new
```
